#summary How to use the Tweetr PHP Proxy

= Requirements =

  * >= PHP 5
  * CURL must be available to PHP
  * Use of .htaccess / ModRewrite must be available/granted

= Installation =

  # Put the `/proxy` wherever you need it on your server.
  # If the proxy is not on the same domain/subdomain as your app you will have to put the `crossdomain.xml` in the root folder of the domain you are going to use the proxy from.
  # Change the `$tweetrOptions['baseURL']` variable to point to where you just put the proxy folder. For example if you want to call the proxy from `http://mydomain/mywebsite/proxy/` then your baseURL would be `/mywebsite/proxy`
  # That's it!

= Options =

The `index.php` file allows you to configure certain aspects of the Proxy. Syntax is always: `$tweetrOptions['NAME'] = VALUE;`

== Overview ==
|| *Name* || *Required* || *Description* || *Default value* ||
|| baseURL || yes || Base URL of the Proxy || (_string_) `/proxy` ||
|| userAgent || no || User Agent Name || (_string_) `TweetrProxy/0.92` ||
|| userAgentLink || no || Link to your User Agent || (_string_) `http://tweetr.googlecode.com` ||
|| debugMode || no ||  Turns Debug Mode ON or OFF. || (_boolean_) `false` ||
|| ghostName || no ||  Ghost Authentication Name || (_string_) `ghost` ||
|| ghostPass || no ||  Ghost Authentication Password || (_string_) `ghost` ||
|| userName || no ||  Username to use instead of Ghost Auth || (_null_) ||
|| userPass || no ||  Password to use instead of Ghost Auth || (_null_) ||

== Details ==

<p>*baseURL*<br/>
As the name says it's the base url where the proxy can find itself. See installation step 3 for more information.
</p>
<p>
*userAgent*<br/>
Allows you to set your own User Agent under which the Proxy will do requests to the twitter api
</p>
<p>
*userAgentLink*<br/>
Allows you to set a link to a website for your User Agent. When somebody hits `index.php` he will see the User Agent String which is linked to the website you define here.
</p>
<p>
*debugMode*<br/>
`Tweetr.php` allows you to add your own Debugging Routine to it's code, you can enable debugMode by setting this value to true.
</p>
<p>
*ghostName & ghostPass*<br/>
This allows you to mask/hide the actual username you are going to use when you also define `userName` and `userPass`.
<br/>From your app you pass these ghost credentials and the proxy will recognize that and actually use the `userName` and `userPass` supplied instead of the ghost credentials.
</p>
<p>
*userName & userPass*<br/>
See `ghostName` & `ghostPass`</p>